The primary research documentation is housed in this main folder. The research project documents are in this folder, which is in accordance with the [TIER Protocol 4.0](https://www.projecttier.org/tier-protocol/protocol-4-0/root/):

**Article**: divided into `.qmd` files, each representing a section of the article's narrative. In this case:

-   `index.qmd`: Article metadata like title, subtitle, abstract, keywords, authors, etc. Do not change the file name as we need to generate the `index.html` file as the main page of the article website.

-   `01-intro.qmd`, `02-background.qmd`, `03-methods.qmd`, `04-results.qmd`, and `05-considerations.qmd` are the traditional sections of a scientific article. Put your narrative inside this files on RStudio/Quarto. If you need change this structure or add more sections, you can do it, but remember to update the `_quarto.yml` file.

-   `references.qmd`: This file does not require editing. The `apa7ed.csl` file reflects the defined citation style and the `reference.bib` file (both in the root folder) feeds it with cited references, using Zotero or a Better BibliTex key, for example. If you need a different citation style, get it from the [Zotero website](https://www.zotero.org/styles), place it in the root folder, and modify the `_quarto.yml` file to allow changing the rendering.

-   When rendering the document, a PDF file with all sections, that is, the complete article will be generated in the `../docs` folder

**Data/**: Contains various versions of the data used in your project.

**Scripts/**: Contains scripts that execute the data processing and analysis that generate the results of your project.

-   Remember that the dynamic document's sole purpose is to provide analytical findings. This approach allows each analysis step to be defined and controlled separately from the dynamic document. In this sense, the scripts are the source of the results, and the dynamic document is the published article. There could be a few more analyses in the scripts that haven't been released yet, but anyone who wants to go deeper into the work that went into the article can audit them.

-   Because of this, you have to demonstrate in the scripts how you got to where you are, even if you should only include information that you think is essential in the article's body. See [https://quarto.org/docs/authoring/notebook-embed.html] for information on how to embed the output of another Quarto document to prevent code duplication.

**Output/**: Contains files that capture figures, tables, and other results generated by your scripts or external sources.

-   Some output are compiled into separate files and found in the `../docs` folder, others are not compiled and it may be interesting to document them all in one place. Even if the outputs are on the article's website (dynamic document), it may be relevant to archive copies with higher resolution quality, for example, or even outputs from external sources.

All other files and folders are system files.

We encode project subfolder names using the [PascalCase](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel_case) convention, like TIER Protocol 4.0, and we advise utilizing the coding, syntax, and function suggested by the [Tidyverse Style Guide](https://style.tidyverse.org/).
